chore: Improve suggested packages handling (#2040)
cynkra/dm: tests/testthat/_snaps/check_suggested.md

      Error:
      ! The package "iurtnkjvmomweicopbt" is required to use `foo()`.
    Code
      check_suggested("iurtnkjvmomweicopbt", TRUE)
    Condition
      Error:

>       ! The package "iurtnkjvmomweicopbt" is required.

Reviewer: The quotes used here are inconsistent with the quotes in the other error message.

Author: Will use `"` everywhere.

    Code
      rlang::local_interactive(TRUE)
      check_suggested(c("iurtnkjvmomweicopbt (>= 0.5)", "xxx", "cli"), NA,
      top_level_fun = "foo")
    Message

>       `foo()` is improved by the 'iurtnkjvmomweicopbt (>= 0.5) and xxx' package. Consider installing them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      `foo()` is improved by the 'iurtnkjvmomweicopbt (>= 0.5)' and 'xxx' packages. Consider installing them.
```

Can we achieve this output?
